chore: clean up of kubevirt tekton tasks section (#800)
kubevirt/user-guide: docs/virtual_machines/tekton_tasks.md

  uses a prompt bootloader, which will not continue with the boot process until a key is pressed. By replacing it with the non-prompt 
  bootloader no key press is required to boot into the Windows installer.

### Example Pipeline
All these Tasks can be used for creating [Pipelines](https://github.com/tektoncd/pipeline/blob/main/docs/pipelines.md).
We prepared example Pipelines which show what can you do with the KubeVirt Tasks.

> - [Windows efi installer](https://github.com/kubevirt/kubevirt-tekton-tasks/blob/main/release/pipelines/windows-efi-installer/windows-efi-installer.yaml) - Pipeline will prepare Windows 10/11/2k22 datavolume vith virtio drivers installed. User has to provide a link to working Windows 10/11/2k22 iso file. Pipeline is suitable for Windows versions, which requires EFI (e.g. Windows 10/11/2k22). More information about Pipeline can be found [here](https://github.com/kubevirt/kubevirt-tekton-tasks/blob/main/release/pipelines/windows-efi-installer/README.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Windows efi installer](https://github.com/kubevirt/kubevirt-tekton-tasks/blob/main/release/pipelines/windows-efi-installer/windows-efi-installer.yaml) - This Pipeline will prepare a Windows 10/11/2k22 datavolume with virtio drivers installed. User has to provide a working link to a Windows 10/11/2k22 iso file. The Pipeline is suitable for Windows versions, which requires EFI (e.g. Windows 10/11/2k22). More information about Pipeline can be found [here](https://github.com/kubevirt/kubevirt-tekton-tasks/blob/main/release/pipelines/windows-efi-installer/README.md)
```

> - [Windows customize](https://github.com/kubevirt/kubevirt-tekton-tasks/blob/main/release/pipelines/windows-customize/windows-customize.yaml) - Pipeline will install SQL server or VS Code in Windows VM. More information about Pipeline can be found [here](https://github.com/kubevirt/kubevirt-tekton-tasks/blob/main/release/pipelines/windows-customize/README.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Windows customize](https://github.com/kubevirt/kubevirt-tekton-tasks/blob/main/release/pipelines/windows-customize/windows-customize.yaml) - This Pipeline will install a SQL server or a VS Code in a Windows VM. More information about Pipeline can be found [here](https://github.com/kubevirt/kubevirt-tekton-tasks/blob/main/release/pipelines/windows-customize/README.md)
```

!!! note

>     - If you define different namespace for Pipelines and different namespace for Tasks, you will have to create [cluster resolver](https://tekton.dev/docs/pipelines/cluster-resolver/) object. <br />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - If you define a different namespace for Pipelines and a different namespace for Tasks, you will have to create a [cluster resolver](https://tekton.dev/docs/pipelines/cluster-resolver/) object. <br />
```

>     - By default, example Pipelines create the result datavolume in `kubevirt-os-images`. <br />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - By default, example Pipelines create the resulting datavolume in the `kubevirt-os-images` namespace. <br />
```

>     - In case you would like to create result datavolume in different namespace (by specifying `baseDvNamespace` attribute in Pipeline), there will be required additional RBAC permissions (list of all required RBAC permissions can be found [here](https://github.com/kubevirt/kubevirt-tekton-tasks/tree/main/release/tasks/modify-data-object#usage-in-different-namespaces)). <br />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - In case you would like to create resulting datavolume in different namespace (by specifying `baseDvNamespace` attribute in Pipeline), additional RBAC permissions will be required (list of all required RBAC permissions can be found [here](https://github.com/kubevirt/kubevirt-tekton-tasks/tree/main/release/tasks/modify-data-object#usage-in-different-namespaces)). <br />
```

>     - In case you would like to use the Live Migration of the VM during the run of Pipelines, see prerequisities in [Live Migration](../operations/live_migration.md#limitations)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - In case you would like to live migrate the VM while a given Pipeline is running, the following [prerequisities](../operations/live_migration.md#limitations)must be met 
```
